DOCSP-48624 documents oracle materialized view support in docs-uplift (#245)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/database-connections/oracle.txt

.. include:: /includes/database-connections/connect-to-db-intro.rst

.. tip::
   
   {+rel-mig+} supports Oracle materialized views. Use materialized views

>    to simplify complex :ref:`mapping rules <rm-mapping-rules>` involving 
>    multiple tables into a single source table. For more information, see the 

Reviewer: [suggestion] for clarity

```suggestion
   to simplify complex :ref:`mapping rules <rm-mapping-rules>` that invole 
   multiple tables into a single source table. For more information, see the 
```
